You need money, right? I want you to go home! It’s hard to get it!
What? No?
Such a big smell? Isn’t he some kind of diva?
Farewell to me, old man!
Are you still in the group? Really listen, right? Are you still talking?
Who has this now?
You actually asked the captain for money directly from the announcement?
How could it be?
Captain, Captain? A Fengzi was caught here who wanted to find some change to trust his relatives?
Fengzi is trying to cheat me out of money? What's going on?
He brought a broken address slip? Just ask for change?
Come to me with a broken ruler and ask for money
What money do you want?
You all appreciate it, my mother said
You see the finger is transferred away
Just give me the money
It’s still so easy to adjust the name. Wait a minute.
Quickly take the finger reward and let it go
Who can give you instructions?